# FinalProject
Welcome to my final project. Here you will find some game I already created and made slightly better than slightly better than slightly better, until it works. 🤠Yeehaw.🤠

Link to the Trello: https://trello.com/b/Qd4dzjji/finalproject

Description of what I want to change "300 words, unlikely, but here we go:

The game I want to edit is my visual novel mod. In a perfect world, I'd love to add mini games and more of a story to the game instead of just questions that are references to the social media obsessed portion of the fandom.Something I want to do that is manageable in the timeframe is to make sprites on the endscreen for 2 characters that are oneoff mentions in one question (I could also make another character mention for a "Which person played bass with us on warped tour 2014 ish") Anywho the main code thing I'd like to fix is the restart function to make it so the game is replayable after the game has been beaten. At it's curent state, the game crashes after a win. Also making custom buttons for the answer choices is a must. Another issue is the text and music aren't aesthetically cohesive, personally I like the dissonance, and this is mainly because I needed the My Chemical Romance font for the title for personaly reasons, which I should probably change it. Most of the things I want to do are make the game work, vs add anything new. Also I think I figured out that I don't have to change scenes after completing all the routes. The solution is to create a sprite that the menu, buttons, question text and question sprite are on. After all three routes are completed the alpha of that background becomes zero, and the final win screen appears. 


Better Description, that explains the game and not the changes:
Have you ever wished to play bass in Meowderslides? Well now you can.....Sort of. Instead of fighting seven ex bass players, you get to choose in what order you get interviewed by the different members of the band through binary button options. Meet Pawsten, the lead singer and guitarist, who along with liking the colors red and purple has a weird obsession with clawbats, none of the fans understand it, but boy do they play into it. Don't get on his bad side, or you are getting beaten with that bat. Than there is Jeffie, the sweet nerdy corgi guitarist. Don't be fooled as he feels a little blue most of the time. Finally we have Otter, the worlds most socially ellusive farmboy goat. Not only is he the band's drummer, but he'll throw a mean sherukin if you over step his boundaries.
